let's talk about the new Apple watches
so we have the Apple Watch series 10 and
Ultra 2 in the New Black colorway now
series 10 at the launch announcement
seemed like this very mild iterative
change and I think it's because they use
the term all new design like when they
announce the thing they're like series
10 with its all new design and when you
use that term there's this expectation
that it's a wildly allnew design but
this doesn't look like an all new design
does it and it's because they weren't
referring so much to the Aesthetics but
more about how the design has a lot of
new functional features so the big thing
that they're touting is the bigger
screen which was a little misleading in
the marketing material because when they
say it's 30% bigger they were comparing
it to series 4 5 and 6 so if you do
compare to older watches like Series 2
and three it is way bigger on series 10
and series 456 yeah it's 30% bigger but
against Series 7 eight and n it is
bigger they're able to squeeze an extra
line of text in there but visually it's
quite insignificant but also when they
say that it's a larger screen than the
one on watch
Ultra I sure it is technically but again
very slight now if you look at the
pictures the bezel on series 10 does
actually look a little bit thicker than
the one on Series 7 8 and9 and it is but
it's more it's kind of like an optical
illusion because they've just removed
some of the metal frame material and
they've just added extra glass so yeah
there is a larger bezel but it would
have been metal frame frame material
anyways in addition to having a larger
display series 10 is supposed to use a
new type of OLED Tech called a wide
angled OLED that's supposed to give you
better viewing angles when you view
these displays off axis so if you're
kind of glancing down your watch you're
supposed to be able to see it better now
series 10 is supposed to give a 40%
brighter display than series 9 when it's
viewed off AIS but for me I don't see
that much of a difference now both of
these are set to the lowest brightness
and when I tilt it
before they turn off uh I mean the
difference is there but it's slight very
slight to me I'm not seeing 40% now I do
think it's more noticeable on certain
watch faces and it does improve the
overall Energy Efficiency of the screen
now there's another feature on series 10
that's interesting on the display so
typically on all the aods before the
always on displays it would always
refresh at the maximum of once per
minute so you could never have a
secondhand showing on your aod but with
the new display it does have a visible
secondhand on certain watch faces so
only have two right now this one's
called flux uh but you can see like the
second hand ticking and I'll show you a
different one I think the other one's
called Reflections that's it and again
uh even in aod mode you can see a
secondhand timer now I personally I love
this like if you're cooking or something
you don't have to keep like twisting
your your wrist to kind of keep track of
seconds which I do pretty frequently but
it's a little bit strange that it only
works right now with two of the watch
faces and it seems like it's like the
really simple ones the ones with no
other complications cuz all the other
ones that I've tried uh all the other
complications that have like a
secondhand timer if I go into aod mode
the secondhand timer
disappears I just
there and I mean it's nice that this
Tech is there now but I feel like
they're going to have to redesign a ton
of the uh watch faces to take advantage
of this it is only ailable on series 10
right now not even the Apple watch Ultra
2 gets it there's another feature that's
unique to series 10 and it's the ability
to play music on the built-in speaker
temperary expectations it's a watch but
this is what it sounds
like the watch also has a new depth
sensor and temperature sensor it
measures up to 6 M deep or about 20 ft
uh Apple watch Ultra 2 by comparing goes
to 40 m deeper like I think 130 ft so
it's much more capable on Ultra this is
meant more for snorkeling but I threw it
into a crude water pressure tester and
it seems like the hardware just stops
measuring past 22 ft like I gave it a
few more pumps to simulate some extra
depth but it just never recorded past 22
ft I still think it's awesome like
having a depth gauge on any watch is
always like such a treat even if you
just go swimming you never snork you
swim and you just have access to like
some some deep water you just go down
and just see how deep you've gone it's
always fun now some thoughts about the
New Dimensions this is 10% thinner
around 10% thinner than the previous
generations so a millimeter thinner and
when they announced it during the
presentation I was like who cares like
no one's asking for thinner Apple
watches but when you try this thing on
not only is it noticeable right away
like the thinness is very very obvious
but it actually fits much nicer than
older Apple watches and much more like a
regular watch and it's because of the
location of the I don't want to call
them the lugs but it's like the portion
that the strap connects to so on a
regular watch you'd call them the lugs
but because of the strap mechanism it's
not quite that but they made the device
thinner not just from the top like they
didn't just shrink the top portion of
the watch they Shrunk the bottom portion
and what ends up happening is that the
watch straps now come out closer to the
surface of your skin and it just makes
it feel much more like a typical watch
that you would buy uh okay the other
thing they've changed is the battery
charging speed so this is now a
significantly faster charging battery
but it doesn't last longer it's still
rated as an 18-hour battery which I
think is unfortunate like they had the
tech and the capability to shrink it
down and instead of just packing that
extra 10% of space with more battery
they just made it thinner I think at
this point it's safe to say that Apple
like they're just shooting for a target
of 18 hours I I feel like they do this
on like the iPad the iPad like their
targets 10 hours and I think on Apple
watch their target is 18 hours and you
know anything beyond that any Tech that
they have access to that could extend it
I don't think they go for it they just
go for like a smaller package and at
first I was like really bothered by this
and then I thought about it and I did
have this thought I tried to see from
Apple's perspective which a little bit
dangerous but I was like why why
wouldn't they extend the battery that's
the one thing that everybody would want
right I did realize that like okay let's
say they did extend the battery to let's
say like 22 hours 24 hours right somehow
this became a 24-hour battery this is
still a device that would need to be
charged every day like that's where it
is right now it's an 18-hour battery and
for most people they go through their
day and they still have to throw it into
the charger regardless of what they're
doing the next day or how lightly they
use it it's an 18- hour battery and if
they extended it by another four five 6
hours it's still not enough to be like a
2-day battery so maybe that's why they
just kept it at 18 it's like that sweet
spot for them where they keep it thin
light small but long enough enough
that's my theory at least now there is a
new color the regular series 10 now
comes in a black anodized polished
aluminum that they call jet black I'm
not a fan of this color but I think it's
going to be wildly popular people just
love shiny black watches I get it but
this is an anodized material it's not
like a PVD coating it's not DLC coating
it's just straight up anodization uh
it's a 30 step anodization so I imagine
it's better than many other anodized
materials in terms of durability but
it's still anodization and this will
invariably chip and scratch over time
it's just the nature of anodized Metals
uh but it does look I guess for people
that are into that nice so overall I
think series 10 is a decent improvement
over the previous generations I just
wish they hadn't called it an allnew
design because when you use that term it
just paints it in a different light uh
but I do think it's just like a bunch of
quality of life improvements that I
think a lot of people would appreciate
but if you do want better battery life
you're not going to get it here you got
to go to Apple watch Ultra or in this
case Apple watch Ultra 2 and the big
change this year is a color so it comes
in Black now and it's a DLC coating it's
very durable one of the most durable
Coatings you can get on a watch and
because it uses this process to give it
this color it's likely much more scratch
resistant than the anodized aluminum
product that we saw earlier uh but yeah
this is the black Ultra Watch 2 now I
much prefer the color of the kind of
original natural titanium but that's
just my personal preference I like the
way that kind of colored straps and
stuff work on the raw titanium uh okay
I've never done a kind of video or
review of the ultra watchat I've been
wearing this for two years and just kind
of a thought some some thoughts about it
so the reason why I use the ultra watch
is because of the long battery life I
think that's the the main and possibly
only draw to it uh don't really need the
depth sensor as fun as it is it's just
the massive battery life makes a huge
difference from just my charging habits
and how I use my device now the question
that I often get asked by my friends and
family is like has this improved your
health like has the acquisition of an
ultra watch or just an Apple Watch has
it improved your physical health so I've
been pretty consistent with using it
over the past couple of years and I
would confidently say that it does like
I really believe that if I hadn't have
used the Apple watch Ultra or just any
kind of Apple watch over the past couple
of years I don't feel like I would be
nearly as motivated to exercise and work
out and just be physically active
partially it's the gamification of it
all like the Rings and ever but also
it's just having a bunch of friends and
family that use these things and just
feeling like you should work out when
they do it's the stupidest thing but
it's strangely powerful as a motivator
uh like this is just my personal
experience so if you've been on the
fence after all these years years at
least that's just been my experience
with it uh there's one thing I want to
last one last thing I want to address
and I saw it pop up in the comments of
my video from the September event it's
the idea of will the Apple watch have
any kind of like apple intelligence
stuff this year and or in the future and
it doesn't this year at least not the
way that you would think Apple
intelligence is like you can't ask it
you know generative questions and stuff
like that but I think that that whole
capability is really far out into the
future this is a very low power energy
efficient device this is like very it's
got a tiny battery it sips away at it
over the course of the day you can't
throw that type of computational power
on device at least I really don't think
it'll happen for quite a while okay
there you have it that's my take on the
new Apple
watches hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it see you guys next time